feat: add agents md (#2780)
plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa: AGENTS.md

# CLAUDE.md

> This file provides guidance to Claude Code (claude.ai/code) when working with code in this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# AGENTS.md

This file provides guidance to coding agents when working with code in this repository.
```
